feat(logger): disable logs while testing with jest --silent in dev env (#1165)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-typescript: docs/core/logger.md

!!! tip
    If you don't want to declare your own dummy Lambda Context, you can use [`ContextExamples.helloworldContext`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-typescript/blob/main/packages/commons/src/samples/resources/contexts/hello-world.ts#L3-L16) from [`@aws-lambda-powertools/commons`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aws-lambda-powertools/commons).

### Suppress logs with Jest

> When unit testing your code with the `POWERTOOLS_DEV` environment variable enabled, you could run Jest with the `--silent` CLI option to make the console readable and clean. It prevents printing messages through the console from tests and logs as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When unit testing your code with [Jest](https://jestjs.io) you can use the `POWERTOOLS_DEV` environment variable in conjunction with the Jest `--silent` CLI option to suppress logs from Logger.
```

Reviewer: And then let's put a CLI example of how to run a test with the env variable & ``--silent flag, kind of like this: https://awslabs.github.io/aws-lambda-powertools-python/2.2.0/core/logger/#pytest-live-log-feature
